Mental illness.
Who was sacrificed for freedom
OMG, I know what you are afraid of.
I can't bear to take your dead gun.
If someone dares to stop
I let his whole family destroy cigarettes.
I'm going, is your head wet?
I've got the bodyguard down, you haven't done anything.
Let me work with Sun Mo Yue to play me.
I'll give you some money.
Could your two grandfathers please take the high-speed rail with them?
You think too much, Ip Chen.
You are just a guard of our house.
From now on, you're fired.
Let's get out of here right away.
The big fucking ghost plays your big head ghost.
I'm getting tired of the city tonight, okay?
What's wrong with me?
Mon Moon, I know you sent me away to protect me.
But don't worry.
I'm not going.
Even if I am in Heaven, I cannot touch you.
Finally I will warn you again, whether you go or not, I will not go.
You believe me.
I'll spend my whole life protecting you.
Okay, here's what you said.
Right.
I kissed you, what do you think?
Regret it.
Go away.
Get out, get out, get out, get out, get out.
The power of your family is great.
Looks like they caught something from the family.
I can't take a shower.
Can't say a word
I know you have a reason.
If I'm not welcome here, I can go.
But remember.
When I need you
I will appear next to you for the first time.
It starts with you.
Wait for me, you just saw it yourself, I didn't take the initiative.
This girl goes up on her own.
It's not intentional.
Oh, the road, right?
I remember that name.
Young master.
Young master, I really can't help it.
Otherwise a woman's heart is unique
I'm almost done, what's wrong with you?
Boss, what's wrong with you?